Disruptive Technologies, Breast-Conserving Surgery
Breast Cancer Surgical
Contralateral Prophylactic Mastectomy, Diagnosis of Invasive Unilateral Early-Stage Breast Cancer
Association Between Elements of Electronic Health Record Systems and the Weekend Effect in Urgent General Surgery.
Triple-Negative Breast Cancer
Bariatric Surgery and Risk for Perinatal Complications-Reply.
Costs and Consequences of Early Hospital Discharge After Major Inpatient Surgery in Older Adults.
Bariatric Surgery and Risk for Perinatal Complications.
Time to Embrace the Digital Age in Health Care.
Effect of Home Monitoring via Mobile App on the Number of In-Person Visits Following Ambulatory Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Never Stop Caring: Withdrawing Support, Not Care.
Repeated Lower Gastrointestinal Bleeding.
Computerized Clinical Decision Support Systems for Prevention of Venous Thromboembolism: Why Can't My Electronic Health Record Be More Like Netflix, Amazon, Google, and Apple?
Development and Validation of a Prognostic Score for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
JAMA Surgery 2016 Year in Review.
Use of Computerized Clinical Decision Support Systems to Prevent Venous Thromboembolism in Surgical Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Staging for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma: Are We Getting Close to Understanding the True Tumor Biology?
JAMA Surgery Peer Review List.

Association Between Incomplete Neoadjuvant Radiotherapy and Survival for Patients With Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer.
Applying Trauma Transfusion Practices to Nontrauma Care: A Cautionary Tale.
Association Between Ratio of Fresh Frozen Plasma to Red Blood Cells During Massive Transfusion and Survival Among Patients Without Traumatic Injury.
Structural Causes of Urban Firearm Violence: A Trauma Surgeon's View From Philadelphia.
Self-Efficacy as a Measure of Confidence.
Self-Efficacy as a Measure of Confidence-Reply.
Incorporating Metrics of Surgical Proficiency Into Credentialing and Privileging Pathways.
Performance of Vascular Exposure and Fasciotomy Among Surgical Residents Before and After Training Compared With Experts.
