Reducing the Margins of Error During Breast-Conserving Surgery: Disruptive Technologies or Traditional Disruptions?
Do Patterns of Breast Cancer Surgical Care Reflect National Voting Records?
State Variation in the Receipt of a Contralateral Prophylactic Mastectomy Among Women Who Received a Diagnosis of Invasive Unilateral Early-Stage Breast Cancer in the United States, 2004-2012.
Association Between Elements of Electronic Health Record Systems and the Weekend Effect in Urgent General Surgery.
Health Disparities and Triple-Negative Breast Cancer in African American Women: A Review.
Bariatric Surgery and Risk for Perinatal Complications-Reply.
Costs and Consequences of Early Hospital Discharge After Major Inpatient Surgery in Older Adults.
Bariatric Surgery and Risk for Perinatal Complications.
Error in Table in Defining Rates and Risk Factors for Readmissions Following Emergency General Surgery.
Time to Embrace the Digital Age in Health Care.
Effect of Home Monitoring via Mobile App on the Number of In-Person Visits Following Ambulatory Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Never Stop Caring: Withdrawing Support, Not Care.
Repeated Lower Gastrointestinal Bleeding.
Computerized Clinical Decision Support Systems for Prevention of Venous Thromboembolism: Why Can't My Electronic Health Record Be More Like Netflix, Amazon, Google, and Apple?
Development and Validation of a Prognostic Score for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
JAMA Surgery 2016 Year in Review.
Use of Computerized Clinical Decision Support Systems to Prevent Venous Thromboembolism in Surgical Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Staging for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma: Are We Getting Close to Understanding the True Tumor Biology?
JAMA Surgery Peer Review List.
Never Stop Caring-Reply.
Association Between Incomplete Neoadjuvant Radiotherapy and Survival for Patients With Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer.
Applying Trauma Transfusion Practices to Nontrauma Care: A Cautionary Tale.
Association Between Ratio of Fresh Frozen Plasma to Red Blood Cells During Massive Transfusion and Survival Among Patients Without Traumatic Injury.
Structural Causes of Urban Firearm Violence: A Trauma Surgeon's View From Philadelphia.
Self-Efficacy as a Measure of Confidence.
Self-Efficacy as a Measure of Confidence-Reply.
Incorporating Metrics of Surgical Proficiency Into Credentialing and Privileging Pathways.
Performance of Vascular Exposure and Fasciotomy Among Surgical Residents Before and After Training Compared With Experts.
Surgical Training to Proficiency: Learning From Errors.
Provider-Induced Demand in the Treatment of Carotid Artery Stenosis: Variation in Treatment Decisions Between Private Sector Fee-for-Service vs Salary-Based Military Physicians.
Multiple Injuries in Blunt Abdominal Trauma.
Assessing the Appropriateness of Carotid Revascularization: In the Eye of the Beholder.
Appropriate Management of Patients With Peripheral Arterial Disease.
Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm Around the World: Are We Seeing Things the Same Way?
Factors Associated With Invasive Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Carcinoma of the Pancreas.
Still Another Case of Right Lower Quadrant Abdominal Pain.
Improving Surgical Value and Culture Through Enhanced Recovery Programs.
Enhanced Recovery After Surgery: A Review.
An Unusual Cause of Small-Bowel Obstruction.
Hepatectomy for Early Hepatocellular Carcinoma: Not If, but When and How?
Effect of Background Liver Cirrhosis on Outcomes of Hepatectomy for Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
The Toll of Death and Disability From Traumatic Injury in the United States-The "Neglected Disease" of Modern Society, Still Neglected After 50 Years.
Contralateral Prophylactic Mastectomy: Aligning Patient Preferences and Provider Recommendations.
Contralateral Prophylactic Mastectomy Decisions in a Population-Based Sample of Patients With Early-Stage Breast Cancer.
Prevalence and Causes of Attrition Among Surgical Residents: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
A Faculty-Student Mentoring Program to Enhance Collaboration in Public Health Research in Surgery.
Preventing General Surgery Residency Attrition-It Is All About the Mentoring.
Use of an Operating Room Scorecard-Keeping Score and Cutting Costs.
Association Between Surgeon Scorecard Use and Operating Room Costs.
